docs: fill readme.md to test APIM rpm upgrade (#20)
gravitee-io/packages: README.md

```

3. Install first version of rest-api:
```bash
yum install -y 4.0.12/graviteeio-apim-rest-api-4x-4.0.12-1.noarch.rpm
```

4. Update configuration file and create a fake new plugin and then, list all existing plugins
```bash
sed -i '/^security:/,/^ *# Enable authentication/{/username: application1/,/#email:/{s/#email:/#email:\n        - user:\n          username: gravitee\n          #firstname:\n          #lastname:\n          # Password value: bloubiboulga\n          password: $2a$10$iJmJIgf7\/Y14AtR\/lKkyzeX5cyL5nL4lgePjiBVvRkq4m652E70oy\n          roles: ORGANIZATION:ADMIN,ENVIRONMENT:ADMIN\n          #email:/}}' /opt/graviteeio/apim/rest-api/config/gravitee.yml

cp /opt/graviteeio/apim/graviteeio-apim-rest-api/plugins/{gravitee-alert-engine-connectors-ws-2.1.0.zip,gravitee-zzz-custom-fake-plugin-0.0.1.zip}

ls -1 /opt/graviteeio/apim/graviteeio-apim-rest-api/plugins/ > /tmp/plugin-list_4.0.12.txt
```

5. Proceed to the upgrade and update plugin list files
```bash
yum upgrade -y 4.1.3/graviteeio-apim-rest-api-4x-4.1.3-1.noarch.rpm

ls -1 /opt/graviteeio/apim/graviteeio-apim-rest-api/plugins/ > /tmp/plugin-list_4.1.3.txt
```

> 6. Validate that config kept his change and needed plugin was increase their version when needed but mainly the custom plugin is here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Validate that changes have been kept in config file and manually install plugin has not been deleted:
```
